
In which way(s) can Istio be installed?

 

 Helm
 Istioctl
 Istio Operator
X All of the Above
Question 2:  Correct answer


Which Istio Custom Resource helps you expose your applications to uses outside of your cluster?

 

 Sidecar
X Gateway
 ServiceEntry
 DestinationRule
Question 3:  Correct answer


Labeling your namespace with 'istio-injection=enabled' will enable sidecars on your application pods.

 

X True
 False
Question 4:  Correct answer


After you label a namespace for Instio injection, sidecars will automatically be deployed to your existing pods.

 

 True
X False
Question 5:  Correct answer


What is the name of the Istio sidecar container that is added to your application?

 

 istiod
 nginx
 gateway
X istio-proxy
Question 6:  Correct answer


What is the name of the UI that helps you view Istio configuration, application traffic, and metrics?

 

X Kiali
 Jaeger
 Grafana
 Prometheus
Question 7:  Correct answer


What does setting mtls.mode=STRICT on a PeerAuthentication do?

 

 Enables communication from the Istio IngressGateway to your application
 Allows applications without Istio sidecars to call applications with them
X Allows only secure authenticated communication between applications
 Denies all traffic communications between applications
Question 8:  Correct answer


Adding a PeerAuthentication to the istio-system namespace (or your Istio root namespace if different than the istio-system namespace) will apply to all Istio enabled applications.

 

X True
 False
Question 9:  Correct answer


What does a virtual service do?

 

 It enables adding additional entries into Istio's internal service registry so auto-discovered services in the mesh can access/route to these manually specified services.
X It defines a set of traffic routing rules to apply when a host is addressed. Each routing rule defines matching criteria for traffic of a specified protocol.
 It defines policies that apply to traffic intended for a service after routing has occurred.
 It enables access control on workloads in the mesh.
Question 10:  Correct answer


Istio can make your applications more resilient to failures with which of the following features?

 

X Retries
X Timeouts
X Circuit Breakers
 Authorization Policies
Question 11:  Incorrect answer


Istio can restrict which upstream applications a given application can call. 

 

--> True
 False
Question 12:  Correct answer


Solo.io can help you adopt Istio via its enterprise support or multi-cluster Istio offering, Gloo Mesh. 

 

X True
 False